Remove beta warnings in satellites docs (#2903)
earthly/earthly: docs/cloud/satellites.md

# Earthly Satellites

> This feature is part of the [Earthly CI paid plan](https://earthly.dev/pricing).

Reviewer: We still have the sat plan.

```suggestion
This feature is part of the [Earthly Satellites & Earthly CI paid plans](https://earthly.dev/pricing).
```

Author: Oh I totally didn't see the small disclaimer at the bottom of the pricing tiers 

<img width="292" alt="Screen Shot 2023-04-27 at 8 14 00 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3247216/234858727-1e6cce6d-5a26-477a-8dc2-5330b025eba4.png">

Maybe it was just me glancing over it too quickly, but it might be a bit too hidden

Reviewer: This will change in the future, to make it more obvious :-)
